Bougeard all bet put his sushi xx
official ixic gta 5 and today we get
find for a new tutor how
how finally how to have all
unlocked success on your xbox 360
so first you have to install
this software so I will put the link in
the description of the site I was going to do
after in the batch
here and you are forced to two iron
thinking so that's it in fucking removes
a waste the video
so after going make singin he wrote
your account you will know everything in
the discussion
so there when the software was
installed and you have you have you
have your name entered your nickname and
everything and you will laugh your software
right click and ron pass
administrator so it's very important
to make his first month of ferias and
there you open the software
dogou so it takes time I
do not know what it is software that has
a lot of files full of files
in so we'll wait for the
deaf software good I do not know why
he does not want to open
so I 'm telling you you have to take a
usb key and put to the proville vote
in it's very very very very
important for mode and backups
calais you will open no this year
so I do not decide to cut the video
even though I know I'm going to cut it
good I cut the video in order to have the
software or and gold so we end up
after flat software has opened so
so there so not sure he wants me
do not know why now so he's
where my mouse you hide eyes here I am
see more it smiled fucking with us
damn i see her anymore so here's where
you're going to do loading is going to put him
your code of what you have that you
have registered so there I wait all the
stuff
here you go go on the small the
little sv icon there we will wait
the the profile we're going to go on the
profile we will go to this profile
double-click that the agreement that when
you see that profile you're going to do
on this thing
this logo so I cursed all of them
games so there you can do double
flip
so here so there is this for example
you can do anything
so here we do it like that
that's it when you have all ages to
do well that you have holidays
after having 40 49 of 49 locke there could
pour you're going to do ok right here
you are breastfeeding qe 2 3 times on ok there you
can change the garment
so here we have no game by
example if you have minecraft and well
you will rarely think of
minecraft for the profile editor if you
want to change your profile of the said gold
for example the color we change we do not
put that a spell could fashion and no matter
what color he enters at the must colors
justice there is ok and spell could do
anything with the colors so
wait I do not have what color poster
is there so we put it all that's it
white sas and blue
so after that go go go see that
it's good to save the
region location anything
holding a dreux I do not know what
the reaction xbox family anything
to do anything to him and that's
so after ajfer safe safe and gold
I hope you enjoyed this video
do not hesitate to subscribe and there
what is video if it is not already
done and there look you're going to do
klaus device explorer and you go
wait a few seconds
was going to close
so I hope this software I hope
that this software will have pleased you and
I hope this software will not be
very difficult to use and that I will have
well explained so here it is necessary to just
your profile you will also need them
software and you will need to register
on the site that I would put in the link
the link in the description
so I would put 1 links for
register and a port download the
binder and and after you will choose
finally to see the video again if
you did not understand something
however I tell you next time
go ciao